Improve ark documentation for backups and restore (#2365)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/ark/README.md

By default, Ark comes with GCP as a backup storage provider and no bucket set. With that configuration, the Ark server deployment scales down to 0 replicas because Ark cannot start without the proper configuration for the backup storage bucket. You can change this by providing proper credentials in the heptio-ark/ark secret and changing the configuration in config/default.

## Usage

> **NOTE:** The steps below assume you have [downloaded](https://github.com/heptio/ark/releases) the ark binary and added it to the environment variable `$PATH` .

> **NOTE:** The steps below assume you have created a lambda function in the production namespace .

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can combine these two notes in a `Prerequisites` section? The we would have something like this: 
````
### Prerequisites

- [Download](https://github.com/heptio/ark/releases) the ark binary and add it to the **$PATH** environment variable. 
- Create a lambda function in the `production` Namespace.

````

> 1. List all namespaces in the kyma cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. List all Namespaces in the Kyma cluster.
```

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get namespaces
``` 

> 2. List all the objects present in the namespace production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. List all the objects present in the `production` Namespace.
```

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get all,serviceinstance,servicebinding,servicebindingusage,function,subscription,api,eventactivation -n production
```

> 3. Type `ark` command to become familiar with its usage and flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `ark` command to become familiar with its usage and flags.
```

> 4. Create a backup of the namespace production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a backup of the `production` Namespace.
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup create production-backup --include-namespaces production
```

> 5. List all the backups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. List all the backups.
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get backups
```

> 5. See the description of the created backup `production-backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. See the description of the `production-backup`.
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup describe production-backup
```

> ***ark logs*** can be see it executing the instruction, `kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" -n heptio-ark logs deploy/ark` 

Reviewer: Does this particular line mean that:
- you can see ark logs after executing the command  or
- it is pointing to the `ark-logs` parameter in the command meaning that ark logs are included in it and will be created?

Author: It means, 
- you can see ark logs after executing the command

Author: I have changed this part, to provide a better explanation

> 6. Restore the backup and see the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Restore the backup and check the result.
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" create restore --from-backup production-backup
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get restores
```

> 7. See all the restored resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Check all the restored resources.
```

kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get all,serviceinstance,servicebinding,servicebindingusage,function,subscription,api,eventactivation -n production
```

3. Run the `ark` command to become familiar with its usage and flags.

4. Create a backup of the `production` Namespace.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup create production-backup --include-namespaces production
```

5. List all the backups.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get backups
```

6. See the description of the `production-backup`.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup describe production-backup
```

Check ***ark logs*** if either `Warnings` or `Errors` are shown after running the instruction above.

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" -n heptio-ark logs deploy/ark
``` 

7. Restore the backup and check the result.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" create restore --from-backup production-backup
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get restores
```

8. Check all the restored resources.

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get all,serviceinstance,servicebinding,servicebindingusage,function,subscription,api,eventactivation -n production
```

> > **WARNING:** Currently there is a limitation for restoring as service catalog instances are not being correctly restored. Implementing a plugins might provide a solutions for this issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **WARNING:** Currently, the service catalog instances not correctly restored, which causes a limitation. Implementing a plugin may provide a solution to this issue. 
```

```

3. Run the `ark` command to become familiar with its usage and flags.

4. Create a backup of the `production` Namespace.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup create production-backup --include-namespaces production
```

5. List all the backups.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get backups
```

6. View the description of the `production-backup`.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" backup describe production-backup
```

7. Optionally, you can check **ark logs** for any warnings or errors resulting from running the command from the previous step. 

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" -n heptio-ark logs deploy/ark
``` 

8. Restore the backup and check the result.

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" create restore --from-backup production-backup
```

```
ark --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get restores
```

9. View all the restored resources.

```
kubectl --kubeconfig="path_to_kubeconfig" get all,serviceinstance,servicebinding,servicebindingusage,function,subscription,api,eventactivation -n production
```

> > **WARNING:** Currently, the service catalog instances is not correctly restored, which causes a limitation. Implementing a plugin may provide a solution to this issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **WARNING:** Currently, the service catalog instances are not correctly restored, causing a limitation. Implementing a plugin may provide a solution to this issue. 
```
